Update contact setup in 2.4 (#676)
magento/merchdocs: src/stores/contact-us.md

### Method 2: Without sample data

{:.bs-callout-warning}
From update in magento 2.4.0 contact form no longer able to call inside cms block or cms page. All custom contact form should be done via layout xml or custom theme templates

> Default contact form can access via contact link in footer webpage. To learn more about customise contact page, see [Devdocs Frontend Guide][theme-guide]{:target="_blank"} in the Magento Devdocs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, shoppers access the contact form using the Contact link in the footer of the storefront page. For more information about customizing the contact page, refer to our [Frontend Developer Guide][theme-guide]{:target="_blank"}.
```
